They wanted me 12 year old, they was going earlier but the government stopped that.
Children going under, oh yes.
Yes, I went with my brother.
He was working underground.
And he took me with him.
I went mine indoor but I was very nervous, never experienced anything like it.
And horses used to be flying through with their trams.
I'd open the door when they'd come in and shut it after I opened the ventilation.
The ventilation had to go around a certain part of the workings for the men to work and live.
Well it frightened me as a boy, you see, I wasn't as lonely by myself as I didn't like it.
So my brother took me with him to work for a man as he was working.
And that's where I started on the call first.